c:\users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\bin\Debug\Kalkulator.exe.config
c:\users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\bin\Debug\Kalkulator.exe
c:\users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\bin\Debug\Kalkulator.pdb
c:\users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\obj\Debug\Kalkulator_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\obj\Debug\Kalkulator_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\obj\Debug\Kalkulator.g.resources
c:\users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\obj\Debug\Kalkulator.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\obj\Debug\Kalkulator.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\obj\Debug\Kalkulator.exe
c:\users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\obj\Debug\Kalkulator.pdb
C:\Users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\bin\Debug\Kalkulator.exe.manifest
C:\Users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\bin\Debug\Kalkulator.application
C:\Users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\obj\Debug\Kalkulator.exe.manifest
C:\Users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\obj\Debug\Kalkulator.application
C:\Users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\obj\Debug\CustomButton.g.cs
C:\Users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\obj\Debug\Theme.baml
C:\Users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\obj\Debug\CustomButton.baml
C:\Users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\obj\Debug\MonitorTheme.baml
C:\Users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\obj\Debug\Monitor.g.cs
C:\Users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\obj\Debug\Monitor.baml
C:\Users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\obj\Debug\MonitorBorderTheme.baml
C:\Users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\obj\Debug\Kalkulator.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\obj\Debug\HelpWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\maxus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Kalkulator\Kalkulator\obj\Debug\HelpWindow.baml
